Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Good morning. Mr. Bryce.
I trust the pickup ran smoothly.
Handoff was clean.
No stops till the exit point.
Clear roads all
the way. Chief...
just as you predicted.
Thank you for agreeing to
an earlier departure time.
Mr. Kurosawa.
I'm honored that
you and your wives
have entrusted a Triple A
Protection Service today.
Moving red to green option
coming in on your vector.
Get the engine started.
I want immediate takeoff.
Air space has already
been cleared.
Roger that.
All channels moving to
restricted air space.
Shall we?
Mr. Kurosawa...
Safe travels.
Thank you very much. Michael.
Another Triple A delivery. sir.
Stay with him till
he's airborne.
Yes. sir.
Canvas is clear?
Nothing for miles. Chief.
Almost boring.
And what's our motto?
Boring is always best.
Move! Move!
Client down! Client down!
Code 7! Code 7!
Jesus!
It's like a goddamn
milkshake in here!
Bravo 1 down.
We need a clean-up
team in here now!
Repeat. Bravo 1 down.
Fucking piece of
paper I've got here.
I don't have fucking time.
Holy shit.
Mr. Seifert.
- Are we ready to go?
- Are we ready?
I've been waiting!
What the hell took you so long?
It's half past nine!
Apologies. I had to
make some preparations.
Mr. Seifert. Mr. Seifert!
It's best if I go
through doors first.
I don't think you know what
I'm dealing with here.
Come on. let's go. let's go.
- Let's go. Double time.
- These people are animals!
They're probably... they're
probably here already.
just... just waiting
for me to leave.
I can appreciate your concern.
but I assure you. you
are perfectly safe.
All you need to do is
exactly what I tell you.
Mr. Seifert? Mr. Seifert?
This way. please.
All right. is it not enough
cocaine. or too much?
They say you're Triple A rated.
Is that a real thing?
Let's just focus on you
dying of natural causes.
shall we?
Soon.
- That's my car.
- Take a mental picture of it.
I find it safer if
we're using a car
that blends in with the
surrounding traffic.
Well. that was easy.
In fact. practically
nothing at all.
- Boring is always best.
- I trust you'll reduce your...
What? This is Michael Bryce.
I'm an executive
protection agent.
fully licensed and
bonded within the EU.
Fuckin' hell. I know it's you.
I've got caller ID!
Such a fucking dick.
You got a pickup for me or what?
Yes. I've extracted my client
from 27 Saint George Street.
Cleanup is required.
On the seventh floor.
north stairwell...
I've left a French national
employed by the Taray
Crime syndicate.
You'll find two more in
the south stairwell.
On the roof. you're
gonna find another
who's gonna need
some dental work.
In the alley. there's
two gentlemen
who may require some counseling.
One more in the east office.
on the sixth floor
under construction...
and one on the number
three elevator.
Oh. oh. oh. parking garage.
under the Rolls Royce
in space five...
there's a pound of
plastic explosives.
so you might want to
call the bomb squad.
Check that. Make it
the fire department.
- Is that my car?
- I'm afraid so.
Have a seat. it's
been a long day.
That was a custom Rolls
Royce. one of a kind.
I thought that was
an unusual color.
Was that periwinkle?
I did find this in the backseat.
- Scraps!
- Precious. aren't they?
- It smells like ass in here.
- Buckle up.
This car certainly
isn't Triple A rated.
It's not even fit for animals.
I apologize
for such an unexpected
late visit. Professor.
You're always welcome. Mr.
President.
In your house with
soldiers. yes.
In your classroom. I've
been told I'm less popular.
Nothing is more important
than a good education.
How's your English?
I don't know much English. Mr.
President.
"The only way for the
country to progress..."
is by eradicating the
scourge of genocide
"blackening our country
and our livelihood."
I appreciate your modesty.
I hope we're not
disturbing your family.
They are on holiday.
Well. good for them.
Family makes a man whole.
I could have you
executed for treason...
but another would simply
stand a little bit higher
on your corpse.
There must be some other
lesson I could teach you.
As I said...
there is nothing more important
than a good education.
Professor Asimov. can you
please tell the court
what happened next?
Then I was taken...
to one of Dukhovich's
internment camps.
I was there for three years...
until he was finally overthrown.
Arrested for like
the monster he is.
Thank you. Professor Asimov.
Your Honor. I request that
this entire testimony
be disregarded.
Without any evidence.
this is merely hearsay.
Sustained.
The trial of former
Belarusian President
Vladislav Dukhovich...
continued today with
emotional testimony from
many of his country's victims.
But while powerful to hear.
Dukhovich's attorneys say...
they are nothing more than
the lies of his enemies.
Long one of the world's
most brutal dictators...
Who stands accused of
ethnic cleansing on
a massive scale.
An unprecedented level
of security is in place
around the courthouse.
Even the airspace above
this city is closed.
So far. the prosecution
has been crippled...
by the lack of any hard evidence
against Dukhovich himself.
Numerous witnesses
who were expected to
testify have disappeared.
Is there anyone brave enough
to come forward with evidence...
and finally put an end
to his brutal reign?
Mr. Kincaid. this is
Interpol's offer.
In return for your testimony
against former
President Dukhovich...
your wife will receive
a full pardon
from all jurisdictions.
You're going to pardon
an innocent woman?
That's mighty fucking
white of you.
Assuming we accept
this arrangement
for Sonia Kincaid.
there's still the
matter of an agreement
regarding my client.
He will receive...
this letter...
recommending leniency.
Mr. Kincaid is a contract killer
facing two dozen counts of
murder in 10 countries.
Absent a legitimate deal.
he will never breathe
free air again.
Under no...
Sonia goes free.
We're all set. Director Casoria.
Let's get this gentleman
to The Hague.
Mr. Kincaid. this
is Agent Roussel.
She'll be leading
the security detail
which will escort you
to the International
Criminal Court.
You know. Dukhovich's
men have killed
every single witness
brought against them.
And my security detail is
a dozen off-duty cops?
These are the most
highly-trained officers
in Europe. Mr. Kincaid.
We have taken every precaution
to make sure that
your involvement
is completely classified.
Oh. it's a secret?
Oh. that makes me
feel so much better.
Well. I can assure you. even
if there was an attempt...
we're more than prepared
for any assault.
Were you prepared for that
assault. motherfucker?
Uncuff me. give
me some car keys.
a couple guns. I'll
meet you guys there.
The court's deadline
is at 5:00 p.m. tomorrow. Mr.
Kincaid.
That gives us 27 hours
to transport you from
Manchester to the Netherlands.
If you want to help your
wife. you should get moving.
Okay. Inspector Clouseau.
let's see what these elite
troops of yours can do.
Come on. guys. let's go.
Agent Roussel. I don't
have to remind you
of the importance of this.
No. ma'am.
And don't doubt what
he's capable of.
I won't. sir.
Take a left on Kirkland Avenue.
Yes. sir.
What a pretty little town.
Old narrow streets...
buildings nice and close...
lots of great views
from all those windows.
This route's been
wiped clean for us.
Nothing to worry about.
Is that right?
How's that nose of yours doing?
Take diversion route.
Got a boyfriend. Roussie?
Significant other?
I need you to be quiet. Mr.
Kincaid.
I'm just saying. now might
be the perfect time
to write one of those "I'll
always love you" texts.
Relax. motherfucker.
If you hear the shot. it
wasn't meant for you.
221. 10-4 on route.
Fuck!
Move! Move!
We've got more on the roof!
Rob. get that door open!
Go! Go!
Alpha Squad with me!
Agent Roberts.
protect the witness!
Parker. take the left flank!
- Shit!
- We need more backup!
Fuck!
Agent Roussel!
Goddammit. somebody!
We need backup now!
Turn around!
Lay down some cover fire.
Oh!
Fuck!
- Show me your hands!
- Bitch. please!
- Put these on.
- Fuck that.
Interpol's compromised.
You know that.
Either you shoot me or
watch me bleed out.
We gotta get off the street.
There's a safe house
not far from here.
A car bomb has exploded
in Bishopsgate.
near Coventry City Center.
Don't even think about
answering that fucking phone!
The only way Dukhovich
could've known our route...
was if he had somebody
on the inside.
Now. I need medical supplies.
and you need help.
So. if you're gonna
call somebody.
they have to be totally
out of the loop.
I've had the Black
Diamond service
four times now. do
you understand?
Four times.
The car still smells
like a cemetery.
Are you washing the car
with old assholes?
Or... just help
me to understand.
Just a second here.
Hello. Amelia.
I'm texting you an
address in Coventry.
You need to get
there immediately.
Bring three units of
O-Negative blood.
I'm doing very well. thank you.
How are you?
I don't have the time
for this. Michael.
I have a job I need you to do.
Aah. pass.
I wasn't offering.
I'm telling you.
I have a job you're going to do.
I'm not gonna let you charm
me into this one. Amelia.
Okay. let's be clear.
I'm not any happier about
this than you are.
but I don't have a choice.
- Well. thank God I do.
- No. Michael.
you don't.
Because if you're not
where I need you to be.
I'm going to expose you and
your work to Interpol.
That elite Triple A status
you want back so badly.
I'll make sure you
never get near it.
Oh. you're threatening me now?
Not you. her.
Are you threatening... you
can't just threaten me
into taking orders from you.
I guess we'll find out.
You're three hours away.
I'll see you in two and a half.
Okay. okay. I guess we will.
Jesus Christ.
Here. we're gonna load all
these into the car. okay?
We're gonna take the
car out in the front.
and then we're just
gonna burn it.
Ma'am. this place
is like a war zone.
We got bodies everywhere.
Our unit's compromised.
Everyone's down.
Get those guys ID'd.
And I've got no sign
of Agent Roussel.
Maybe 15 to 20 dead
mercenaries. heavily armed.
Media circus is in town. but
that's not the worst of it.
Kincaid is gone.
Coventry. every available agent.
Report back to me
with any updates.
Yes. ma'am.
There must've been a leak.
I told you.
there are too many
agencies involved.
Get to The Hague.
See what you can get
out of Dukhovich.
I'll try.
And alert the penitentiary
in Amsterdam.
Have them triple the guard
around Kincaid's wife.
Got it.
Mrs. Kincaid. your attorney.
Did I tell you you
could turn around?
What do you want. you
useless piece of shit?
Oh. baby. baby. it's me.
Oh. my bad.
What do you want. you fucking
hijo de puta motherfucker!
I just wanted to
hear your voice.
Fuck you!
There. you heard my voice.
The only reason I'm
in this shit hole
is so that they can get
to your sorry ass!
How you doing? You
made a shank yet?
- What for?
- It's prison. baby.
You got to protect yourself.
It's a Dutch prison. Darius!
What are they gonna do.
beat me with a clog?
Oh. you got a view at least?
Just a whole lot of
corny Dutch buildings.
There's one with a huge
fucking clock on it.
Like that's what I
need right now.
Do they have those
flowers you love?
Uh-mm! Irises?
They come from there. right?
Fucking tulips. Darius.
What kind of a piece
of shit husband
doesn't remember his
wife's favorite flowers?
You never remember anything.
What's our anniversary?
I'm gonna make this
up to you. baby.
You see. that's what
I'm talking about. cabrón.
Darius. is something wrong?
Not a thing. baby.
Not a fucking thing.
Then I wanna hear it.
♪ 'Cause you know
Just what to say ♪
♪ And you know Just what to do ♪
♪ Let me start by
saying I love you ♪
- Hello?
- Sonia?
- Darius!
You fucking shit!
Go ahead. you might as
well finish the job.
- Why am I here. Amelia?
- A high value transport.
Oh. high value?
Oh! I don't...
I don't really do
high value anymore.
I mean. these days. I'm
more in the mid-level
coked-out attorney market.
Why do you think that is?
Seriously. Michael?
Because of you.
You used me to climb
the Interpol ladder.
and here we are again.
Whoo!
You up for a promotion?
You have to blame me
for every little bump in
your road. don't you?
No. these aren't bumps.
No. no. no bumps.
Just one dead
Japanese arms dealer.
Which I had nothing to do with.
Do you know what happens...
when a Triple A rated
executive protection agent
loses a client?
Triple A.
I was up here. yeah?
Then I opened up to
you. why wouldn't I.
I was in love with you.
And I fucking told you his name.
It was the first time
in my entire career.
I revealed a client's name.
I trusted you.
Ba-ba-ba-ba... bump!
Now I'm down here.
The dead guy's up here.
I'm sorry. Michael. you
hit a rough patch.
A rough patch...
A 300-pound investment
banker's ass
exploded four bags of heroin
in the backseat of
my car last week.
Those aren't leather
seats. those are cloth.
- Okay. Michael...
- Take a minute
- to grab a mental image...
- I don't have the time
- to hear your insane shit!
- At a certain point.
- you just sell the car.
- I never betrayed you.
I never used you!
I just left you!
Because you couldn't forgive me
for something I didn't even do.
- Transport...
- Transport is in there.
Is that blood dude...
What the fuck?
Do you know how long I've
been waiting for this?
No. no. no. I'm not gonna look.
Oh! Motherfucker!
Hey. hey. hey. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Let's talk about this. okay?
Even a dumbass like you
is smart enough to
keep one in the pipe.
Oh. shit.
And nighty night.
Darius Kincaid. Jesus Christ!
This is who you
want me to protect?
Look at my shirt!
Shut up for two seconds!
Fine. fine.
You get the feet. I'll
get the nostrils.
The trial of former
Belarusian President
Vladislav Dukhovich...
took an uncertain
turn this week.
having recently survived
a dioxin poisoning attempt
that left his face disfigured.
Authorities are
keeping Dukhovich...
Interpol wishes to have a word.
Quite the dust-up in
Coventry this morning.
But you wouldn't know anything
about that. would you?
You've come here to
lodge a complaint?
I've come for my money.
I delivered as promised.
I gave you Kincaid as exposed
as you'll ever get him.
Small security detail.
practically a rookie
leading them.
I can't do more than that.
Let's be fair here.
You think it's fair to want
something for nothing?
In my country...
we would skin you like a cat.
Would that be fair?
I come from nothing.
I work all my life...
serving the people.
And then. they come
into my country
and they took it all away!
And now. they lock
me up like a rat...
feed me poison!
Is this fair?
When Kincaid is dead...
you'll be paid in full.
You know he's a murderer. right?
You're playing nurse
to a murderer.
- A witness.
- Really?
- Hmm-hmm.
- 27 times.
That's how many times this
asshole's tried to kill me.
27... 28!
Fucking Prague!
If Dukhovich is acquitted.
he'll be back in
power next week.
- I won't let that happen.
- Good.
You should take
him to The Hague.
I can't!
There's a mole inside Interpol.
It's already cost me
12 good officers.
Good?
That's subjective. you know.
Nice. Maybe they were nice.
I'll make it simple for you.
If I stay near him.
they'll find him.
So I gotta risk my life
protecting this coffin
magnet over here?
No. no. no. no! You
gotta put something
- in the pot for me. okay?
- How about your career?
- How about it?
- Your precious career.
You do this job for me...
and I'll get you back
to elite status.
Yeah. you don't have that power.
I've got connections.
You want back in the big
game. I can put you there.
Why would I trust you?
Why?
Because I've never
lied to you. Michael.
You're terrible at
almost everything...
but you're good at
keeping people alive.
Keep him alive. please...
and you get your
dream life back.
And as a bonus. you'll
never hear from me again.
Good.
- That's bad.
- I don't speak French.
Still.
Shame.
Shit!
Where are you?
Setting up operation at
Coventry police headquarters.
You got nothing from Dukhovich?
Are you surprised?
- Ma'am?
- Busy.
Yes. ma'am. but I've
picked up activity
at our safe house in town.
Is this something I
need to know right now?
No. not normally. But
yes. it should be vacant.
And you believe it's not?
Well. the access
code was activated
without identity authorization.
Could Kincaid have
gotten inside?
But it's on a
revolving encryption.
Get a team over there. Now!
And where is Agent Roussel?
- Sorry. got to go.
- Good luck.
I believe I know
where Kincaid is.
I know this Darius Kincaid
we're talking about.
I want proof he's dead.
Proof? Like a photo?
Like a head.
- What the fuck is all this?
- You're a fugitive.
- Fugitives wear restraints.
- No. no. no. not the cuffs.
I'm talking about
these whack ass
hipster clothes I'm wearing.
- Yeah. luckily I brought extra.
- Lucky for who?
Ah. shit. Am I
wearing underwear?
Those are for me too.
in case I have to change
your pants again.
Not a fan.
You know they call them
swinging dicks for a reason.
How about we never
speak of this again.
Shit.
Interpol protocol.
When that phone rings
and nobody answers.
they're gonna send
officers to the door.
And there they are.
Yes. we're setting
our perimeter.
Comfy?
So. what happened to
little Miss Interpol?
- Agent Roussel's gone.
- Oh damn!
I liked her. She's spunky.
This building has two
stairwells. no fire...
Escapes and no
adjacent rooftops.
You know. you're not the
only observant motherfucker
on the planet.
I go through doors first.
I check to see if it's
clear. then you follow.
Really? You think
that's necessary?
My job is to keep you
out of harm's way.
Shit. motherfucker.
I am harm's way.
Split up and take
different floors.
Two hostiles. maybe more.
I don't suppose I
could have a gun?
No. We're gonna take
the north stairwell.
Let's go.
No! You fuck!
Oh! Thank God. you're here.
I don't know what I
would've done without you.
Well done. Guess
what happens now?
Shots fired! Shots fired!
All units send in a 9-9.
Now we have a new problem.
I like to keep things
a little more subtle.
Quick. they're heading
for the roof.
See. boring is better.
Okay.
That's very loud.
It was empty anyway.
We have two heat
signatures on the rooftop
moving in a
northbound direction.
Copy that! Go. go. go!
They're on the roof!
No. no. no. No
odds in that jump.
Well. it beats the
hell out of whatever's
gonna come through that door.
No. Just gotta...
We just gotta find a
more intelligent way...
Oh! Motherfucker!
Shit!
Holy fucking shit.
Secure the roof! Go. go. go!
Delta squad with me!
They're on the north side!
Copy that!
Made that jump on one leg.
I made that jump
without jumping.
Let's go.
So. what's your next trick.
showing me how we escape
without escaping?
Let's just try to get to the car
without killing
anyone. all right?
- Is this your car?
- One of them.
I remember shooting
at you in a Jaguar.
Buckle up. If we get
in a high-speed chase.
I want you strapped in.
I'm more worried
about the wheels
coming off this bitch when
you reach the speed limit.
You know. back in the day.
we wouldn't have even stolen
this piece of shit...
and we stole everything.
I remember one night...
I know all I need
to know about you.
All your early arrests...
your father in and
out of prison.
you following in the
same footsteps.
Did your little
research. did you?
Well. prepare for a test.
so there are no surprises.
Hmm. and you grew up
wanting to be a cop...
till you found out there
wasn't no money in that shit.
So you joined the CIA.
sharpened your skills...
then decided to
open your own shop.
pimp yourself out
to the fat cats.
I didn't even have to do no
research to know that shit.
It's written all
over your punk ass.
Can't wait to hear
what I'll do next.
That's great.
You know. why don't...
Why don't you lay back
and keep from getting
spotted. huh?
Get comfortable.
That's a good idea.
Ooh-hoo!
Smells like ass back here!
Bet that Jag never
smelled like ass.
Oh! These your electrolytes?
Darius has gone.
Nothing but cops out here.
Facial recognition
identifies this man
as Michael Bryce.
But you already know that.
don't you. Agent Roussel?
- You two have a history.
- Long time ago.
You slipped Kincaid
into our own safe house
then brought in this...
Executive protection agent?
Official channels had
been compromised.
What did you expect me to do?
Clearly. our office
security's been breached.
The red notice stays.
You. however. can go. I'm
placing you on leave.
You will surrender your
weapon and credentials.
You are going to be telling
this story for years. Amelia...
from inside a very
large office...
or a very small cell.
Well. I like my odds.
The only way Bryce and Kincaid
don't make it to The Hague...
is if they kill
each other first.
Amelia.
- She's making a mistake.
- We need to plug our leak.
Now. this Bryce.
do you trust him?
With something like this. yes.
I'll speak to Casoria.
get her to allow you to
come to The Hague with us.
But no more secrets.
Thank you. sir.
Search for car. plate FJ56MHV.
They'll have identified the car
with the traffic cams by now.
And you. Welcome
to fugitive life.
Until I turn you in.
Just need to find a
different vehicle...
older model. no alarm.
Right here.
Luckily. I came prepared.
You know. if you're
gonna be a while.
I can just go in there
and get a room.
There's an art to low
impact. high efficiency
breaking and entering. but...
- Art's objective.
- And you're bleeding again.
You know. for a dude that
runs around killing people.
you've got this really strange
thing about bleeding.
It's inefficient.
And I don't kill people.
I protect them.
Hector Ramirez.
Hector Ramirez was an assassin.
Yeah. I know. I trained him.
Who was holding a knife
to my client's throat.
And you killed him.
No. I saved my client.
I think Hector might have a
different perspective on that.
Oh. is that so?
Well. here's the thing.
I was a Triple A rated
executive protection agent.
You just made up that
Triple A bullshit.
No. I did not!
And if guys like you.
sociopaths like you
weren't running around
trying to kill my clients.
then no one would get hurt.
Triple A. yeah. it sounds
like you ought to be
selling life insurance
or fixing my fucking
transmission. or something.
Well. you're
uninsurable. trust me.
And you said "was".
"I was a Triple A.
x-rated dickhead!"
Get in the fucking car!
Jesus fucking Christ.
You definitely said "was".
"Was" as in. "I used to
be a Triple X dickhead
driving a Jag...
"but now I'm rolling
around in this shitwagon."
Put your seatbelt on.
What happened? Lose your edge?
Drop focus?
You slip up and let a
client get popped?
Never slipped up.
Well. how did "am" become "was"?
I don't... I don't
actually know.
I mean. how does the
so-called expert assassin
get busted by Interpol?
Love. baby. Straight up love.
See. I'm doing this
job in Geneva. right?
Some dude washing the
wrong dude's money.
I get a call.
What?
My wife's been in a car accident.
A bad one.
What?
So. Geneva dude gets a pass.
I jet back to Mexico City...
go straight to the hospital.
Bopped up in Sonia's room...
two dozen agents waiting for me.
Played by the heart.
Happens to the best of us. man.
I mean. sort of like how
Agent Roussel took you
from here... to here to here.
Oh. assassin and eavesdropper.
That's a real... You're
a real double threat.
Well. you were whining
like a bitch so loud.
I heard you through the wall.
Agent Roussel and I aren't
any of your concern.
So. she dumped you because
of all your tight-assed...
boring is good. look
before you leap.
put your seatbelt on shit?
She didn't dump me.
Oh. motherfucker. I
know she dumped you.
I'm just perusing all
the reasons why...
and there's a plethora
of those motherfuckers.
- Plethora?
- Yeah. It means a lot.
I know what plethora means!
It just doesn't apply here!
And not jumping off
the top of a roof.
that's logical. that's safe.
You know. wearing a
seatbelt. logical. safe.
Let me ask you something.
how many times have
you been shot?
- Counting today?
- Yeah.
Ooh! Too many to count. You?
Zero.
Now. we both know
that's bullshit.
That's not bullshit. okay?
This was a little flesh wound.
You just kind of
zinged it right there.
Didn't even require a Band-Aid.
You got lucky.
Yeah. the rock shifted
just as I took the shot.
You're a lucky motherfucker.
Fuck!
Fucking Prague.
Yeah. Prague.
You never even took
one for a client?
Nope. Never had to.
Yeah. but the question
is. would you?
See. if I'm paying
Triple A rates.
then I'm looking for
that full-service shit.
you know what I'm saying?
That extra A stands
for Ass. yours.
between mine and a bullet.
Being prepared for everything...
- means that that situation...
- Bryce. you cannot
- be prepared for everything!
- Statistically just won't occur.
You know. life is gonna
bloody us up. okay?
You just gotta put a Band-Aid
on that shit and keep rolling!
That's really beautiful. man.
Do you ever just write
stuff down. you know?
Maybe. I don't know. throw
down a haiku or two?
♪ Life is a highway ♪
♪ And it's mighty fucking long ♪
♪ It's full of
twists And turns ♪
♪ So you know Some
shit's gonna go wrong ♪
♪ You can slip You can slide ♪
♪ You can run But
you can't hide ♪
♪ Nobody gets out alive ♪
♪ Nobody nobody nobody ♪
♪ I saw the sign And
it opened up my eyes ♪
♪ I saw the sign ♪
♪ Life is demanding ♪
- ♪ Without understanding ♪
- ♪ Nobody gets out alive ♪
♪ I saw the sign And
it opened up my eyes ♪
♪ I saw the sign ♪
How'd you like that.
motherfucker?
Do you have any idea
how stupid you sound?
I mean. what a fuck up!
You lost my husband.
and you're like.
"Can you please
help us find him?"
Why the fuck should I?
That is your fucking
job. motherfucker!
But. obviously. you suck at it.
You received a phone call today
from your attorney.
So?
Well. we asked your attorney
but. he said he didn't
have any contact with you.
What? Are you
fucking kidding me?
Okay. that's it! I've had
it with this lawyer!
He's an alcoholic.
He calls me completely drunk...
and he starts saying the
most inappropriate things.
Like. for example.
what he likes to do
to his wife's ass?
That is a disgusting place
to hide a child's toy!
And you know what?
I don't need to
listen to this shit!
Then he forgets about it.
but I'm stuck with the
images in my head!
Mrs. Kincaid...
if you know where
your husband is.
you need to tell us.
It's for his own safety.
I'm sorry.
You're worried about
my husband's safety?
No one in this world can
kill Darius Kincaid.
The man is a cucaracha...
and I mean that in every
sense of the word.
Sometimes you just want to
crush his little filthy head
with your shoe...
but he won't die.
That motherfucker is
unkillable. so you can relax.
But wait. no.
There is one important thing
that you should know.
I shit on your
whore of a mother.
and I shit on your
whore of a mother!
Motherfuckers. get out
of my fucking cell.
- Great.
- Now!
And I want that lawyer fired!
I want that lawyer fired!
I want a good one.
professional lawyer!
I have rights! Human rights!
Okay. you can take a
five-minute break.
Good evening. Can I help you?
We need to see your cameras.
Sorry. sir. that's
for management only.
The others have
picked up a signal.
I got you!
- Where we at?
- I backtracked west.
- West is the wrong direction.
- Thank you. Thank you.
They'd be expecting us
to take a direct route.
What the fuck is
that you're eating?
Postpones fatigue.
Refuels glycogen
and electrolytes.
I got you one. too.
while you were taking one
of your world-class naps.
I'd stay awake if
you let me drive.
That's really generous of... No!
- I gotta piss.
- Use that.
Timeline's not built
for another break.
Your dick might fit
in here. but mine...
Plus. I need every
drop of this shit
to tolerate this ride with you.
Just pull the fucking car over.
Jesus Christ.
It'd be a lot easier
without these cuffs.
or this fucking underwear.
Kincaid!
Hey. asshole!
Fucking goddammit.
that's not mud!
- You think I'm a fucking idiot?
- Well...
You did think that cheap
whiskey was piss.
Oh. fuck!
Where the hell did
that come from?
This is what happens
when you mess with a
perfectly laid plan.
- Give me a gun.
- I got this!
- Give me a goddamn gun!
- There's more than one.
- Perfect deduction. Sherlock.
Draw their fire so
I can take a look.
All right. Go!
Shit! Okay.
Three shooters in a
row. all lit up.
So. what do you want to do?
While you can't come
up with a plan.
they're gonna come
down here and kill us.
- So here's the plan.
- What the fuck?
You take 11:00. I'll take 1:00.
Let's see who gets to 12 first.
Okay. On three. You ready?
One...
I said on three. You shot early.
Yeah. before they did.
Let me break it down...
So much for your intricately
calculated travel plans.
That's why I was trying
to bounce on your ass.
See. I'm safer on my own.
There's no way that they
could've known where we were.
Well. they did. and
now they're dead.
This yours? Is this
your cell phone?
I might've taken that
off some dead merc.
You might've...
You know. they can
track a cell phone.
That's why I use a
ghost chip in mine.
so they can't track the phone.
I mean. that's how they
know where we were!
Here I am. I'm plotting courses
all over the country...
and you're carrying a location
beacon in your pocket!
- My bad.
- Your bad?
You don't even understand how
21st century technology works!
I mean. how have you
stayed alive this long?
While all you guys are
wasting your time
planning and aiming
and deducing...
I just do my thing.
and my thing has always been
better than your fucking thing.
Great. There you go.
That's just great.
I'm glad that your thing has
always been better than mine.
You're not gonna take this gun?
No. you keep that gun.
Use it to shoot me.
No. I was gonna shoot
you with this...
Shit!
There goes the guns.
Well. look on the bright side.
We get the bad guys' van.
This field smells like your car.
Dude. I said I was
sorry about the phone.
Who knows. maybe your
plan would've worked.
And what about your other plan?
There's no plan!
The plan is we're
in a cow pasture.
that's the plan.
I'm talking about your
Agent Roussel plan.
That's why you're
doing this. right?
To get her back?
You think becoming a Triple-A
card-carrying dickhead
is gonna give you an
all-access. backstage pass
to Agent Roussel's ass.
and she'll fall in
love with you...
Oh. I get it. I got it.
You're gonna be the guy...
and your life will
have meaning again.
That the other inmates
come to for advice.
Well. they're very lucky.
Motherfucker. please.
I've eaten hamburgers that know
more about women than you.
You. my friend. are
a romantic retard.
Hey!
Just 'cause I want to get
my business back in order.
that doesn't make
me a shitty person.
And Amelia has nothing.
absolutely nothing.
to do with this.
Oh. man. you are so
in love. it is crazy.
Christ. do you ever shut up?
Huh?
Why is everything always
about love with you?
What else is there?
I mean. take away the
guns. the money...
the travel. the perfect shot
through a motherfucker's
ear hole from 300 meters.
I mean. none of that
shit means dick
if I can't tell Sonia about it.
Well. I guess Amelia's just
not as special as Sonia.
She sounds great.
- What. she cheat on you?
- No.
- Try to kill you?
'Cause Sonia chopped
off part of my ear
with a machete one time.
She sewed it back on. but...
it was two. three days before
our shit got real again.
Where'd you guys meet.
Christian Mingle?
No. A bar in Honduras.
One of those places
where nobody knows
your face and name.
I'd just come off a job.
Some dude kidnapped the
wrong dude's daughter.
I was sitting there chilling.
when I noticed this waitress
getting hassled by these guys.
I got up to help her
when she unleashed
the most amazing display
of violence and beauty...
I had ever seen.
♪ Sometimes I feel My
heart will overflow ♪
♪ Hello I've just got
to Let you know ♪
♪ Cause I wonder where you are
And I wonder what you do ♪
♪ Are you somewhere
Feeling lonely? ♪
♪ Or is someone loving you? ♪
♪ Tell me how to win your
heart For I haven't... ♪
When she severed that
dude's carotid artery
with a beer bottle...
I knew. I knew right then.
♪ I love you ♪
We slow danced all night.
She sounds like she's gonna
make a good mother someday.
Lights.
- Need a ride?
- Yeah.
We're trying to catch
the ferry to Amsterdam.
Yeah. I can get you there.
- Yeah?
- Jump in.
Hey. there's eyes all
over Amsterdam for me.
That's where Sonia's locked up.
It's quick in and out.
I got a place there.
You got a place in Amsterdam?
Yeah.
Is that where you keep the Jag?
You know what?
Why don't you go fuck
yourself and the horse you...
Hello.
Hello. beautiful Sisters.
Whose lap will I sit on?
Here's the phone.
Ivan says Kincaid is
still on the move.
If God wishes a man dead...
Ivan will find him.
And if God's not ready
for Kincaid to die?
Make sure the back-up
plan is in place.
One more!
Your stop. boys!
You take care. sisters!
Bye. Kincaid!
Go with God!
This man's killed
over 150 people.
250. easy.
Yeah. but they love you.
Me. they want to perform
an exorcism on.
Question for a higher power.
Who is more wicked.
he who kills evil
motherfuckers...
or he who protects them?
You really believe
you're the good guy?
My first contract. I was...
I don't know. 16. 17.
There was a guy who
broke into a church.
The preacher was still
there. so he told the guy...
"Look. you don't have
to steal anything.
Take whatever you want."
Dude wasn't there for the loot.
He wanted to hurt somebody.
Slaughters the preacher.
displays his body on the altar
for his congregation to see.
The Bible says never
to take revenge...
to leave it to the Lord.
But I wasn't prepared
to wait that long.
So. when your moral compass gets
around to pointing at me...
yeah. you'll be pointing
at one of the good guys.
And how does one
of the good guys
get connected with a piece
of shit like Dukhovich?
I didn't know everything
the dude was into.
That's an easy excuse.
Look. you know everything
about every client you ever had?
Nope. I don't...
I don't decide whether
my clients live or die.
♪ Ain't no love In the
heart of the city ♪
♪ Ain't no love In
the heart of town ♪
♪ Ain't no love Sure
'nuff is a pity ♪
♪ Ain't no love 'Cause
you ain't around ♪
Oh. come on. He changed
the codes on me.
Son of a bitch.
Come on. come on.
come on. come on.
When's the last time you paid
rent on this safe house?
I haven't done a lot of
Amsterdam jobs lately.
I just need to get my gear.
The problem is that all the
windows are Poly-Carb.
They have extra
layers of laminate...
and obviously there's a
Hetzger alarm system...
which is the premiere
unit on the market.
It's got three fail safes.
But. if I can just...
- Jesus Christ!
- Nope. Darius Kincaid.
But there are no words.
I am amazing.
Oh. that's so cute! You
look so happy here.
So. is Agent Roussel the
only photograph-worthy girl
in your life?
Been busy working.
Oh. ho. ho!
You must give me your
designer's number.
We got four hours to court.
let's get cleaned up.
I need to change my bandage
and take a shower.
The hot water still
work in this bitch?
Upstairs.
- Elevator?
- No!
Fuck!
Counsel. approach the bench.
How can you allow
Kincaid's testimony?
A hired killer given
a sweetheart deal.
A man like that will say
anything to save himself.
Kincaid has no sweetheart deal.
His wife will go free. not him.
The testimony will be allowed...
assuming you produce your
witness by 5:00 p.m.
Michael. you should've
been here by now.
Yeah. yeah. just a couple bumps.
We're on our way.
The judge isn't giving
us any wiggle room.
You have less than
four hours now!
Well. we're gonna be
there in half that.
Then why are you calling me?
Right. Well...
I'm calling you because
I've been thinking. and...
I forgive you.
Yeah.
It feels good to say that.
I forgive you. Amelia.
- Are you fucking kidding me?
- What?
You're seriously doing this now?
- No.
- And forgive me for what?
- What?
- There's nothing to forgive!
- No. look. I thought that you...
- Just get Kincaid here!
Fucking prick!
Darius?
Fuck!
Yeah.
We've got the whole
area covered.
If Kincaid shows up. he's ours.
- Stay alert.
- Copy that.
Everyone keep a close lookout.
Understood.
- Can I help you?
- Yeah. tulips.
That will be $25.
Easy.
Ay. mi cucaracha.
You couldn't just have the
flowers delivered. huh?
Needed a personal touch.
Well. you were about to
get his personal touch.
if I hadn't followed you.
All right. I appreciate that.
And the guys who started
tracking you a few blocks ago.
Oh. you mean the guy you
snatched in the bush.
and the two you left
knocked out in the park?
Like I said. I appreciate you.
So. you knew that they
were out there...
but you still felt
it was important
to deliver these flowers?
Sonia's gonna really
love those flowers.
I sure fucking hope so.
Now. this is as close
as I'm gonna be to her
for a very long time.
It had to be special.
First. I'm first.
You were saying?
Tell me something.
The day you and Agent
Roussel took that picture.
I saw in your place...
what kind of things would
you have done for her
to make her happy?
Anything. I loved her.
Trusted her.
- She sold me out.
- Huh!
- Case closed.
- Well. that's cold.
Maybe. just maybe...
you ought to give
her a pass on this.
I mean. I gotta tell
you. honestly...
there's not a lot of
women in this world
who'd put up with your shit.
That's inspirational. thank you.
What I meant to say was...
there's no women who
would put up with it.
You're an annoying motherfucker
with all your rules and shit.
I mean. if she can
put up with that.
she must be a pretty
special girl.
She is.
You know. I told her today
that I forgave her.
- Really? And how'd that go?
- Hard to tell.
You know. women don't like
to be forgiven for shit...
'cause that implies they did
some shit. to begin with.
I should just forget
about Kurosawa.
- What?
- Takashi Kurosawa.
He was my client.
she exposed him.
and he got killed.
Something funny?
She didn't expose your client!
I popped Kurosawa!
I was at the airport
for another target.
I spotted him by accident.
Lucky for me. him. not so much.
Doubled my money on that
corrupt Asian motherfucker.
The single most awesome...
shot I've made in my
entire hitman career.
300 meters through a firm
C-cup tittie-sized window.
Pow!
Hey. I thought you knew I
was the one who popped him.
Oh. shit! What the fuck. Bryce!
We're done!
That shit was two
years ago. man.
You gonna be a little
bitch about it?
- You're on your own!
- Well. good!
I'll be safer on my own!
You won't last one
hour without me!
You'll be dead in a minute!
Yeah. you're about as useful
as a condom in a convent.
- Eat my ass!
- That's what she said!
- Suck it! Suck it!
- Fuck you!
Fucking pussy.
Fuck!
Do you have any idea
how prepared I was?
No. not really.
No. Every possible
scenario I had covered.
every kill shot...
every... every angle.
And he fucking ruins my
life with one lucky shot
through a window the size of a...
Just a...
That's him.
There he goes again.
Shots fired! Shots fired!
I hope they kill him.
I really do.
Okay.
Even if I did save him. again.
you know what he'd say?
He'd say that I had it all
figured out before he got here.
He'd say. "I guess my thing"
is just better than your
thing. motherfucker."
"I guess bullets are just
allergic to me. motherfucker."
This guy singlehandedly ruined
the word "motherfucker".
Do you know how
hard that is to do?
I was Triple A rated
executive protection.
Sure.
I was up here.
And goddamnit!
There he is!
- Hi.
- Oh. geez!
Get rid of the Interpol car!
Requesting all units.
heading south!
Sorry.
Move! Move! Move! Move!
Move! Move! Move!
Goddamnit!
Who are these guys?
- Go. go. go. go.
- Turn!
Shoot him.
Hit the brakes!
Watch out!
- Drop your weapon!
- This way!
Fuck!
Interpol! Interpol!
Shit!
Fuck!
It's two hours until
the deadline.
How are we doing?
Goran has the bodyguard.
I'm going to
interrogate him now.
No. I need you here in
case Kincaid shows up.
Goran will make him talk.
Okay.
What kind of asshole wears
a helmet this tight?
A loose helmet is like
wearing no helmet at all.
It's not a button strap.
It's a D-ring.
Just unthread it through the
thing. it's very simple.
Oh. well. or there's...
there's that shortcut.
Ew!
I ask you one time. polite.
Where is Kincaid?
Honestly. I'd tell
you if I knew.
You have my word.
Look at my right hand.
See that?
That's a Boy Scout salute.
We're sworn to never lie.
I've taken an oath.
so you can trust me.
Ahhh! Right in the fucking ear!
Waterboarding? Really?
I was in the CIA.
You know. we don't
do that anymore.
Okay. Hey. hey. Hold it.
Whoa. whoa.
Wait. wait. wait.
Here's what we learned.
The key to interrogation...
is establishing a bond
between the interrogator
and the subject. okay?
You know. just sort of
like a rapport. okay?
You need me to like you.
You need me to like you. okay?
You need me to like you!
I really don't like you.
Okay. okay. okay.
- Where is Kincaid?
- He's right behind you.
Scout's honor. Fuck!
Fuck!
Hey listen. before
you start talking...
'cause I know you're gonna
start fucking talking...
I just want to apologize for
laughing about popping Kurosawa.
I know that shit cost you
your girl and that...
fake-ass. made-up Triple A
shit you keep talking about.
No. it was all my fault.
No...
I did it all to myself.
Bryce. please! Come on. you
didn't do it to yourself.
- That's life. Life happens.
- Life without Amelia.
Hey. still time to
work that shit out.
So. how'd you and
Agent Roussel meet?
On a job.
She was...
She was working an
undercover op...
very badly.
I was at a client's funeral.
Massive heart attack.
I can protect someone from
bullets and explosives.
but there's nothing I can do
against indiscriminate
use of mayonnaise
for 68 straight years.
Technically. I was still
on the payroll...
so I was in the building.
paying my respects.
Amelia was there with some of
her other Interpol agents.
They were hoping to
bust my client's
shady and mayonnaise-chugging
brother.
Instead of doing things
nice and quiet...
they got marked. and
their target runs.
Oh. yeah.
Leave it to Interpol to turn
a really fun funeral...
with lots of delicious
hors d'oeuvres...
into a depressing carnival show
of total unprofessionalism.
♪ In my life there's been
Heartache and pain ♪
♪ I don't know If I
can face it again ♪
♪ Can't stop now I've
traveled so far ♪
♪ To change this lonely life ♪
♪ I wanna know what love is ♪
♪ I want you to show me ♪
♪ I wanna feel what love is ♪
Just kinda bumped into her.
See. that's what
I'm talking about.
It just happened!
You didn't plan it.
deduce it. or Google
running into the
girl of your dreams.
You just bumped into her.
the same way I just
bumped into Kurosawa.
You know. when life
gives you shit...
you make Kool-Aid.
That's not really how
that expression works.
Yeah. and that's the beauty
Life.
Yeah. well. life. I mean...
life doesn't usually
give you shit
and then turn into a beverage.
Not... at least where I'm from.
that's not how it works.
Look. motherfucker. you
don't have to explain
every goddamn thing that
goes on in fucking life!
If it gives you lemons...
You don't need fucking
reasons for that shit.
You would make maybe
some lemonade.
Just shut the fuck up!
It just doesn't work that way.
♪ ...if I can face it again ♪
♪ I can't stop now
I've traveled so far ♪
♪ To change this lonely life ♪
Breaking news from
The Hague suggests
that if a credible witness
cannot be produced
within the next hour.
the former president of
Belarus. Vladimir Dukhovich.
will walk free and resume power.
This would be a
spectacular embarrassment
for the international
community...
and a crushing blow for the many
relatives who alleged that...
They're out there...
waiting for us to
make the first move.
I know I would be.
- I should've told Amelia.
- Told her what?
That I'm a stupid man.
Hey. what if I told you
I couldn't protect you?
I'd say you're right.
We'll just go to Amsterdam.
I'll help you get Sonia out...
and you give her those
flowers in person.
No fucking way.
I gotta help you get back that
Triple A shit I fucked up.
The guilt's killing me.
Dukhovich. that
motherfucker's gotta go.
Well. it's not gonna happen
unless we get there.
- Shit. I'd bet on them.
- Normally I would. too.
I got a hot tip.
There's a couple of
ringers in the game.
We got our choice of wheels.
Hmm! That's a good-looking Jag.
Yeah. I guarantee you.
if that smells like ass.
it's supermodel ass.
- Really?
- Oh. yeah.
She blends right in.
Ohh! That's responsive!
Jesus.
You know. I have a pen knife.
It's just that the gearshift's
on the right-hand side here.
and I'm not used to that.
- It's practically impossible...
- Get out of the fucking car.
A three-day adjustment period
to figure this out.
Motherfucker. I will
bust a cap in your ass
if you don't give up that wheel.
Have you ever said
please or thank you...
Please. motherfucker!
- Why are we always yelling?
- Get out of the fucking car!
Fine.
Time's just about up.
No sign. They vanished
in Amsterdam.
Dukhovich is free.
Michael would never
let that happen.
It appears you're wrong
about your Michael Bryce.
- Hello?
- Hey.
Michael. where are you?
We're a couple minutes out.
Look...
I wanna tell you that I'm sorry.
I wanna say that
I'm sorry for...
for everything.
For Kurosawa. us.
it's all my fault.
You know. I act like a...
I act like a fucking
child around you.
And I can't admit
that it's my fault.
and I project that onto
you. and that's not fair.
You deserve better than that.
That's them!
Why are you telling me this now?
Well. under the circumstances.
it seemed like a good time.
- We got company.
- Huh?
We have them. Blue Ford
C-Max on Route 44.
Let's go!
Amelia...
- I just want to say that...
- I love you.
Jesus Christ! Really?
What happened to
the seatbelt rule?
Oh. fuck!
- What the fuck. man!
- Move your fucking car!
- Michael? Hello?
- Who this?
Agent Roussel. hold on. let
me put you on speaker.
- What happened to Michael?
- He had to bounce.
Excuse me. Sorry.
You know. he really
cares about you.
He has a hard time processing
emotions and shit.
But one thing his fucked-up
brain has figured out.
he really loves you.
Are you in the
middle of something?
Well. actually. yeah. I am.
Look. we'll call you back.
Watch out!
Okay. you had...
If you wouldn't mind...
the gun.
Yes.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Yo! You about done?
Tick tock. motherfucker!
He's fucking unkillable.
With just five minutes remaining
before the court's deadline.
the case against
Vladislav Dukhovich
is almost certainly doomed.
Suspicious vehicle is
approaching. Commander.
Stop the car!
What's going on here?
Is this what we've
been waiting for?
Shit.
I got your witness.
Darius Kincaid.
Follow me.
Obviously. Your Honor.
this has developed
into a complete waste
of my client's time.
The prosecution has no
witness to present.
Can you empty your
pockets. please. sir.
Are you kidding me? Come on!
As we seem to be
reaching our deadline.
I have no choice but to declare
that this trial has
come to its natural...
Your Honor. I present
Darius Kincaid.
The deadline has passed!
I believe we still had a
few seconds on the clock.
How do I look?
You got a little speck
of blood on your...
everywhere.
Will the prosecution please
prepare their witness.
- Hi.
- My God. are you okay?
Yeah. There's your guy.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
By the way. bumping into you
is the best thing that
ever happened to me.
Do you swear to tell the truth.
the whole truth. and
nothing but the truth?
Yeah.
Your name is Darius Kincaid?
No. My real name
is Darius Evans.
My parents separated
when I was six.
My mother remarried a
real mean piece of work
named Roger Kincaid.
She figured if I took his name.
he'd keep his belt
on more often.
Plan didn't work so well.
but the name stuck.
My real father's name is
Maurice Evans. preacher.
He was killed a few years
later in his own church.
- I'm sorry. I didn't...
- That's all right.
Can't research everything.
Mr. Kincaid.
were you ever in the employ
of Vladislav Dukhovich?
- No.
- Have you ever met Dukhovich?
Yes.
April 17. 2012. he invited
me to his palace.
Prosecution Exhibit 17-D.
palace security logs.
Did he offer you
employment then?
Yes. he did.
He wanted me to take
out a political rival
exiled in the UK.
- I refused.
- Why?
Because while I was there.
he ordered his men to slaughter
a village outside Polatsk.
I'm not down with killing
innocent people.
And do you have evidence
to corroborate this?
Yeah.
Go to FTP site Raven 257.
- Just load it up.
- Exhibit 18-D.
We've confirmed the coordinates.
It's asking for a password.
Oh. sorry.
Password...
Dukhovich is a dick. all caps.
except "dick" is lowercase.
I wasn't gonna trust
Interpol with this shit.
Order!
Order in the Court!
Your Honors...
I could save us all some time.
May I address the court?
Initiate alternate measures.
For months. I have been sitting
in this chair...
nodding along to this
ludicrous charade.
Excuse me.
My excellent attorney
was hoping for the legitimacy
of a formal acquittal...
but that is no longer possible.
Thank you. Darius.
So. let us now end the charade.
The charges against me...
are entirely correct.
I am the rightful
ruler of Belarus!
Mr. Dukhovich. sit down!
As the ruler of my nation.
I will do as I wish.
without exception.
without apology.
I recognize no authority
- that limits my power!
- Mr. Dukhovich. I order you...
- Assistant Director.
- Go do your job. Amelia!
In this trial.
the world community is
attempting to make a statement!
Well. now I would like to
make a statement of my own!
Show me your phone.
I recognize no authority
that limits my powers!
Everybody. go!
I will now take my leave
with my dignity intact!
Now that's what I call
Triple A service.
Fuck!
Oh. fuck! Medic! Medic!
I need a medic over here!
- Lockdown protocol!
- Don't move!
We're here live
in front of the ICC
in The Hague...
where a truck bomb
has just plowed
into a crowd of protestors.
Emergency!
It's a critical
health situation!
We need immediate air
and ground support!
Focus on me. Bryce.
Bryce! Focus on me.
I'd really rather not.
All units. All units.
Stay with me. Bryce.
Stay with me.
I did my job. You go do yours.
Go! You gotta go get
that motherfucker!
Freeze! On your knees.
Tower. AirMed 1 requests
priority clearance...
to restricted zone for
casualty extraction.
Officer. the building
is in lockdown.
Dukhovich does not
leave his cell.
Let's go!
It's over. Assistant Director.
Give up.
I didn't want to
do this. Amelia.
I swear to you.
Oh. fuck!
Michael! Michael!
- Michael. you hear me?
- Are you okay? Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Good. good. Good.
You? Oh. no.
- You're bleeding.
- Oh. no. no. no. I'm fine.
I'll get some help.
Stay here.
Take her down!
Ahh. ahh. ahh!
Up on the ledge. Dookie man.
You heard me. bitch!
Up on the ledge!
The look on your face.
You're so proud.
Darius Kincaid...
about to be a hero.
save the day.
None of that matters.
There is no redemption.
no atonement for a man like you.
Your whole life has been
but a trail of corpses...
and I will be just another
dead body on the pile!
Go ahead! Finish me!
But don't think for a moment
it will change what you are.
I don't give a fuck
about all of that!
You fucked up when you shot...
my bodyguard.
Who?
Dukhovich. It's Dukhovich.
Okay. here's what I'm thinking.
Celebrity security.
It's low stress.
Boy bands and shit. right?
One of those guys gets killed.
nobody's getting all
that mad at me.
- Well. we'll figure it out.
- We will?
Yo!
What a brother gotta do to get
arrested up in this bitch?
Can't someone just Taser him?
I mean. like. a
non-lethal Taser.
Director Casoria.
My deal still good?
You definitely held up your end. Mr.
Kincaid.
Agent Roussel.
why don't you go find Mr.
Kincaid some handcuffs.
With pleasure.
You were right to
trust your instincts.
Well done.
Thank you. ma'am.
- You're welcome.
- For what?
I got you a front row seat
to the Roussel show...
and I got you that
all-access backstage pass
to that ass you've
been wanting so bad.
You did what?
Well. you know. when you
jumped out of the car...
- I gave her the 411 on you.
- I didn't jump out of the...
I went through the
fucking windshield.
- Semantics.
- Semantics?
Semantics. Yeah.
just another way
of saying the same thing...
I know what semantics means.
I also know that I don't need
to take love advice from you.
Oh. really? So tell me
how that love life shit
was going before I showed up.
You know. she's gonna
be right back.
and that's it.
Last chance to run.
I'm going along with the program
till Sonia's free.
Then I do my thing.
You really think it's gonna
be that easy. do you?
Motherfucker. please.
You know when I want some
shit to pop. it pops.
Like that shot through
that tittie-small window
on Kurosawa's plane.
Okay. that's enough out of you.
Show me the face you made
- when that shit went down.
- That still stings. all right?
I know you wasn't expecting
that shit to happen.
Yeah. I was expecting you
to blow my client's head off.
Did you have that
"Home Alone" face.
like ooh!
Do you guys have handcuffs?
Do you have any?
A worldwide red notice
was issued today for contract
killer Darius Kincaid.
Kincaid has escaped from Her
Majesty's prison Belmarsh.
The notorious hitman is
almost certainly armed.
and considered
extremely dangerous.
["Dancing in the Moonlight"]
♪ We get it Almost every night ♪
♪ When that moon Gets
big and bright ♪
♪ It's a supernatural delight ♪
♪ Everybody's dancing
In the moonlight ♪
Oh. baby.
It's so romantic that
you broke out of prison
for our anniversary.
No way was I gonna miss
it this year. Corazón.
- Ay. mi cucaracha.
- Happy anniversary.
Happy anniversary. motherfucker.
♪ Dancing in the moonlight ♪
♪ Everybody's feeling
Warm and bright ♪
♪ It's such a fine
And natural sight ♪
♪ Everybody's dancing
In the moonlight ♪
♪ We like our fun And
we never fight ♪
♪ You can't dance
And stay uptight ♪
♪ It's a supernatural delight ♪
♪ Everybody was dancing
In the moonlight ♪
♪ Dancing in the moonlight ♪
♪ Everybody's feeling
Warm and bright ♪
♪ It's such a fine
And natural sight ♪
♪ Everybody's dancing
In the moonlight ♪
♪ Everybody here
Is out of sight ♪
♪ They don't bark And
they don't bite ♪
♪ They keep things loose
They keep things light ♪
♪ Everybody's dancing
In the moonlight ♪
♪ Everybody was dancing
♪ Everybody's feeling
Warm and bright ♪
♪ It's such a fine
And natural sight ♪
♪ Everybody's dancing
In the moonlight ♪
♪ Everybody Dancing
in the moonlight ♪
♪ Everybody's feeling
Warm and bright ♪
♪ It's such a fine
And natural sight ♪
♪ Everybody's dancing
In the moonlight ♪
♪ Everybody Dancing
in the moonlight ♪
♪ Everybody's feeling
Warm and bright ♪
♪ It's such a fine
And natural sight ♪
♪ Everybody's dancing
In the moonlight ♪
♪ Everybody Dancing
in the moonlight ♪
♪ Everybody's feeling
Warm and bright ♪
♪ It's such a fine
And natural sight ♪
♪ Everybody's dancing
In the moonlight ♪
Okay. let's go.
Doing over!
Be quiet on set. please.
Quiet.
Pipe down.
Okay. Stand by. Ryan.
Holding on the church bells.
Hold the roll. please.
Sorry. Ryan.
Just waiting on
church bells. mate.
Yeah. Where are
they coming from?
Where are they coming from?
Still rolling.
All right. send Max.
send Max down. would you?
Max. go find out what the
fuck is going on down there.
Jesus. is this the
director's cut?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm